## 277. Find the Celebrity

Suppose you are at a party with n people (labeled from 0 to n - 1) and among them, there may exist one celebrity. The definition of a celebrity is that all the other n - 1 people know him/her but he/she does not know any of them.

Now you want to find out who the celebrity is or verify that there is not one. The only thing you are allowed to do is to ask questions like: "Hi, A. Do you know B?" to get information of whether A knows B. You need to find out the celebrity (or verify there is not one) by asking as few questions as possible (in the asymptotic sense).

You are given a helper function bool knows(a, b) which tells you whether A knows B. Implement a function int findCelebrity(n), your function should minimize the number of calls to knows.

Note: There will be exactly one celebrity if he/she is in the party. Return the celebrity's label if there is a celebrity in the party. If there is no celebrity, return -1.

---

1. naive : for every `i`, check `knows(every j, i)` is true, then `i` is celebrity.
2. celebrity dosen't know any of them 
    1. I can find know (i, every j)  = false, which i is celebrity
    2. I can find out, if i know's someone, then I isn't celebrity - could be better. but not O(N)
3. check solution, based on 2-2, we use candidate, if know(candidate, i) == true, the candidate cound't be celebrity.
4. but first pass only guarentee candidate didn't know people afterward, we need to check previous people.
5. by checking previous people, we also check previous people knows candidate, if not, candidate is not celebrity.

0, 1 not know each other
candidate = 0

```java
    public int findCelebrity(int n) {
        int candidate = 0;
        for (int i=1; i<n; i++) {
            if (knows(candidate, i)) {
                candidate = i;
            }
        }
        for (int i=0; i<n; i++) {
        	if (i == candidate) continue;
            if (knows(candidate, i) || !knows(i, candidate)) {
                return -1;
            }
        }
        return candidate;
    }
````

[FAIL]

```java
    public int findCelebrity(int n) {
        int candidate = 0;
        for (int i=1; i<n; i++) {
            if (knows(candidate, i)) {
                candidate = i;
            }
        }
        for (int i=0; i<candidate; i++) {
            if (knows(candidate, i)) { // [FAIL] we might have case no one knows each other.
                return -1;
            }
        }
        return candidate;
    }
````