## 621. Task Scheduler

Given a char array representing tasks CPU need to do. It contains capital letters A to Z where different letters represent different tasks. Tasks could be done without original order. Each task could be done in one interval. For each interval, CPU could finish one task or just be idle.

However, there is a non-negative cooling interval **n** that means between two **same tasks**, there must be at least n intervals that CPU are doing different tasks or just be idle.

You need to return the **least** number of intervals the CPU will take to finish all the given tasks.

 

**Example:**

```
Input: tasks = ["A","A","A","B","B","B"], n = 2
Output: 8
Explanation: A -> B -> idle -> A -> B -> idle -> A -> B.
```

---

first round:


* 在兩個重複的task還要有n intervals來cooling
* 盡量suffle tasks 有機會產生最小
* 如果沒重複就沒有cooling
* Sort 一遍
* 先把重複的task找出來排，在中間差入其他task -> 重點幾乎變成如何尋找最多重複的task, 根據這個資訊可以得到最小執行的interval
* 最小 = (最多的task -1) * interval + 1
* 如果最多有好幾個，再往後加

---

second round

* stuck at the different task outnumbers the intervals we created.
* for example: `AXXXAXXXAXXXA`, if n is 1, then it will become AxAxAxA. At such case, if we received B,C,D,E,F,G. then how to put them (remaining tasks outnumber the interval)
  * if remaining different tasks exceeding cooling intervals. then we keep picking largest repeat task into cooling intervals `ABAxAxA` -> `ABACAxA` -> `ABACAEA` ->, then repeat the first cooling interval (guarentee the distinct task between x and A) -> `ABFACAEA`.
  * no matter what cooling interval is, by such align method, we end up with `(freq-1) * (n+1) + maxRep`
  * compare with tasks.length, in extreme case (given every task is different). The least interval is task.length

```java
    public int leastInterval(char[] tasks, int n) {
        // get repeat first
        int[] cnts = new int[26];
        for (int i=0; i<tasks.length; i++) {
            cnts[tasks[i]-'A']++;
        }
        Arrays.sort(cnts);
        int maxRep = 0;
        for (int i=0; i<25; i++) {
            if (cnts[i] == cnts[25]) maxRep++;
        }
        return Math.max(tasks.length, (cnts[25] - 1) * n + cnts[25] + maxRep);
    }
```

